remove unncecssary code and console log (#1)
patricksimonian/banana-cupcakes: README.md

# Campbell Scientific – Software Developer Assessment
- Author: Billy Li 
- Email: billy.li.901@gmail.com

### Task Overview
A client is having issues with a Campbell Scientific camera. Pictures are not coming out as crisp as the client would like. They have taken photos at different ISO speeds. A *.ZIP file containing the images has been uploaded to our FTP. They have uploaded a ZIP file with the images to our FTP server

#### Task to Complete
Develop a Node.js script that will perform the following:
- Download the ZIP file from the following URL
`https://downloads.campbellcloud.io/assessment/202009/Photos_To_Review.zip`
- Extract the contents of the ZIP file to local disk
- Output the images names to the console, sorted by the image ISO speed in reverse
order

### Dependency
This project is using `v10.13.0`

> If user are using asdf as CLI tool, user can run to use pre-defined nodeJS version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If user are using asdf as Node JS version management tool, user can run to use pre-defined nodeJS version
```
